some 137
some 137 by the rivers of Babylon there we sat
by the rivers of Babylon there we sat
by the rivers of Babylon there we sat down
down
down yay we wept when we remembered Zion we
yay we wept when we remembered Zion we
yay we wept when we remembered Zion we hung our harps upon the Willows in the
hung our harps upon the Willows in the
hung our harps upon the Willows in the midst of it were there those who carried
midst of it were there those who carried
midst of it were there those who carried us away captive asked of us a song and
us away captive asked of us a song and
us away captive asked of us a song and those who plundered us requested mirth
those who plundered us requested mirth
those who plundered us requested mirth saying sing us one of the songs of Zion
saying sing us one of the songs of Zion
saying sing us one of the songs of Zion how shall we sing the Lord's song in a
how shall we sing the Lord's song in a
how shall we sing the Lord's song in a foreign land if I forget you O Jerusalem
foreign land if I forget you O Jerusalem
foreign land if I forget you O Jerusalem let my right hand forget its skill if I
let my right hand forget its skill if I
let my right hand forget its skill if I do not remember you let my tongue cling
do not remember you let my tongue cling
do not remember you let my tongue cling to the roof of my mouth if I do not
to the roof of my mouth if I do not
to the roof of my mouth if I do not exalt Jerusalem above my chief door
exalt Jerusalem above my chief door
exalt Jerusalem above my chief door remember O Lord against the sons of Edom
remember O Lord against the sons of Edom
remember O Lord against the sons of Edom the day of Jerusalem who said raise it
the day of Jerusalem who said raise it
the day of Jerusalem who said raise it raise it to it's very foundation o
raise it to it's very foundation o
raise it to it's very foundation o daughter of Babylon who are to be
daughter of Babylon who are to be
daughter of Babylon who are to be destroyed happy the one who repays you
destroyed happy the one who repays you
destroyed happy the one who repays you as you have served us happy the one who
as you have served us happy the one who
as you have served us happy the one who takes and dashes your little ones
takes and dashes your little ones
takes and dashes your little ones against the rock
against the rock
against the rock you